Document our support policy for Elastic (#67495)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/elasticsearch/_index.md

- v7.16+
- v8.x

> Our policy is to follow [Elastic Product End of Life Dates](https://www.elastic.co/support/eol) to reduce maintenance burden.  Practically this means you will get a notification in the query builder that the version of Elastic you are using is no longer supported - nothing will prevent the queries from running.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our maintenance policy for Elasticsearch data source is aligned with the [Elastic Product End of Life Dates](https://www.elastic.co/support/eol) and we ensure proper functionality for supported versions. If you are using an Elasticsearch with version that is past its end-of-life (EOL), you can still execute queries, but you will receive a notification in the query builder indicating that the version of Elasticsearch you are using is no longer supported. It's important to note that in such cases, we do not guarantee the correctness of the functionality, and we will not be addressing any related issues.
```
